Added Singularity install tutorial + clarified conda usage (#1468)
nf-core/tools: nf_core/pipeline-template/README.md

1. Install [`Nextflow`](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/getstarted.html#installation) (`>=21.10.3`)

> 2. Install any of [`Docker`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/), [`Singularity`](https://www.sylabs.io/guides/3.0/user-guide/) (you can follow [this tutorial](https://singularity-tutorial.github.io/01-installation/)), [`Podman`](https://podman.io/), [`Shifter`](https://nersc.gitlab.io/development/shifter/how-to-use/) or [`Charliecloud`](https://hpc.github.io/charliecloud/) for full pipeline reproducibility *(you can use [`Conda`](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) to install NextFlow but please only use it as a last resort for running the pipeline; see [docs](https://nf-co.re/usage/configuration#basic-configuration-profiles))*.  

Author: Yes I get it's two different things, but the formulation led several colleagues to think they should never use conda at all when it comes to nf-core pipelines, that's why I was trying to clarify the difference.

> 2. Install any of [`Docker`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/), [`Singularity`](https://www.sylabs.io/guides/3.0/user-guide/) (you can follow [this tutorial](https://singularity-tutorial.github.io/01-installation/)), [`Podman`](https://podman.io/), [`Shifter`](https://nersc.gitlab.io/development/shifter/how-to-use/) or [`Charliecloud`](https://hpc.github.io/charliecloud/) for full pipeline reproducibility _(you can use [`Conda`](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) for workflow software but please only use it as a last resort for running the pipeline; see [docs](https://nf-co.re/usage/configuration#basic-configuration-profiles))_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install any of [`Docker`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/), [`Singularity`](https://www.sylabs.io/guides/3.0/user-guide/) (you can follow [this tutorial](https://singularity-tutorial.github.io/01-installation/)), [`Podman`](https://podman.io/), [`Shifter`](https://nersc.gitlab.io/development/shifter/how-to-use/) or [`Charliecloud`](https://hpc.github.io/charliecloud/) for full pipeline reproducibility _(you can use [`Conda`](https://conda.io/miniconda.html) both to install Nextflow itself and also to manage software within pipelines. Please only use it within pipelines as a last resort; see [docs](https://nf-co.re/usage/configuration#basic-configuration-profiles))_.
```

Maybe this is a bit more explicit about the two uses of conda?

Author: Yeah I think it's great like this.

>
> Philip Ewels, Alexander Peltzer, Sven Fillinger, Harshil Patel, Johannes Alneberg, Andreas Wilm, Maxime Ulysse Garcia, Paolo Di Tommaso & Sven Nahnsen.
>

> > *Nat Biotechnol.* 2020 Feb 13. doi: [10.1038/s41587-020-0439-x](https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41587-020-0439-x).

Reviewer: I guess that this is because of the markdown linting? I think we are generally trying to use `_` for italics everywhere and `**` for bold.

```suggestion
> _Nat Biotechnol._ 2020 Feb 13. doi: [10.1038/s41587-020-0439-x](https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41587-020-0439-x).
```

Author: Yes it's because of the markdown linting, sorry!
